The Clone Wars - S04E14
A Friend in Need
Original air date
January 13, 2012
Sync and corrections by Gatto
for www.addic7ed.com
Divided by war.
In an effort to end the galactic conflict
The first ever sanctioned meeting between
the Republic and the Separatists will be held.
And Mandalore is chosen as neutral ground
for this precarious meeting.
Tensions run high as many hold hope
for these important negotiations.
The Republic recognizes the tragedy of war,
but there is nothing we can change
that is already occurred.
Say it aloud before this gathering
As representative for chancellor Palpatine,
that you declare
without reservation,
the separatist state legitimate.
I have something to say
about the legitimacy of the separatists.
Why is Lux Bonteri here?
- What he have to say?
- He was not invited.
- You didn't mention that Lux Bonteri would be here.
- I didn't know.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I stand before you, son of Mino Bonteri,
loyal separatist,
a patriot, a friend.
It is come to my attention that my mother
was murdered by Count Dooku in cold blood!
That is a lie!
Remove this traitor immediately.
I will not be silenced.
Hmm.
Stop this!
We would ask to respect that we
deal with this matter ourselves.
No, Dooku is deceiving you!
You all be betrayed
just like my mother!
I apologize for such a rude interruption.
Please leaders continue.
We can't just let them take him.
He'll be killed.
Do what you can,
Ahsoka, but be discreet.
Those are some rather strong accusations
you have levied against me.
You know what you did, Dooku.
Do I?
I have done a lot of things, young man, and
choose to remember them in order of importance.
The death of your mother seems to have...
escaped to me.
I will have my revenge.
I thik it is time we reacquaint
the young senator with his mother.
Kill him.
Ahsoka?
Lux, I think it's time to go,
don't you?
Artoo, fire up the engines.
We're leaving.
Run!
Right!
Hurry!
- Ahsoka, I appreciate your help, but--
- Keep moving.
Captain Taggar, you've got incoming clenkers.
We'll cover you, sir!
Ahsoka, Padme just contacted me.
She told me the peace negotiations evolve at last.
Where are you?
I'm on route to Coruscant, master.
I have Lux Bonteri with me.
Master jedi, I'm sorry if I have
caused you any trouble.
It's nothing.
You'll be safe now with the republic.
All right.
Bring Bonteri to Coruscant immediately,
- we'll discuss giving him amnesty.
- Yes master.
I can't go with you, Ahsoka.
Hmm.
What?
I told you, I have a plan.
Shooting me is not going
to be part of it.
What are you doing with a gun anyhow?
You're not a fighter.
I'm no longer a Separatist either.
I won't join the Republic.
What other options do you have?
There is a different way.
I understand everything that
you you have been trough.
I understand you feel alone.
But the Republic will help you.
Like they helped my mother?
I already made contact with
a group on Carlac who are noble
and are allied with my cause.
And what cause is that?
To kill Dooku.
The only one you're going
to get killed is yourself.
I'm sorry,
but I'm taking you to Coruscant.
You're plan hasn't exactly
been well thought-out, Lux.
Without me, how do think you
were going to escape those droids?
Like this!
I'm sorry, Ahsoka.
It's seems Ahsoka is quite exausted.
She probably should sleep it off.
Lux?
Where are my lightsabers?
Lux!
Artoo, take a look around and see
if you can find where Lux hid them.
I'm going to have a little chat with Mr. Bonteri.
Lux! Lux where are we and
what did you do with my lightsabers?
You should have stayed on the ship.
Hey, kid, you're late.
Death Watch.
You get us what we need?
Yes, I have the information with me.
Who's this?
I'm his...
I'm his... betrothed.
Uh, right.
Right.
Betrothed?
A little skinny, is't she?
She serves her purpose.
We leave now.
The snow is coming.
What have you gotten us into?
It's all under control.
These are the Dead Watch.
They're Mandalorian terrorists.
- They'll kill us both.
- Are you coming?
- Yes.
- Uh...
I should stay with the ship.
No, you're coming too.
Why?
The boss will see you in there.
Don't ruin my plan, Okay?
Plan? What plan?
This is a holo-trace device.
It can identify the origin of any holo transmission.
I knew if I accused of murder,
I would be brought to face him.
Well, it worked,
and I know now Dooku's exact location.
If Death Watch moves quick enough,
We can destroy him.
Is that enough of a plan for you?
This is not some idealistic political group,
they will take the information and kill you.
I knew you wouldn't understand.
The Death Watch are murderers.
Sworn to destroy jedi.
You don't know what you're doing.
This...
Am I interuuptig something?
N-no, of course not. We were just....
It's time to talk business.
- Tell your woman to leave us.
- Of course.
Now...
give me what I want.
When I know that you will use it correctly.
Don't toy with me, boy!
You see this scar?
It was a parting gift from Count Dooku.
If you question my resolve to destroy him again,
I will give you one just like it.
This device will tell you his location.
Good. That was painless, wasn't it?
Now let's celebrate!
Repair these droids
So we can use them for target practice.
Again.
Please reassemble us.
- Please reassemble us.
- We are battle droids no longer.
Please reassemble us.
- Try that again, and I will--
- Shh!
You don't want to make 'em angry.
They are far from rational.
Uh. Believe me.
You have no idea.
What's your name?
Thralla
I'm Ahsoka. We're you from?
We were kidnapped from in nearby town.
We are a simple people.
We trust easily.
And we were betrayed.
We feast. Prepare the food.
Your masters are hungry.
Hungry?
Careful not to choke on your stupidity.
I see your woman has fit in well.
Now how are you fit in?
All I want is Dooku dead.
Visla!
Chieftain Pieter,
I don't remember summoning you.
You have taken our women,
stolen our food and
threatened us for too long.
It's brave for you to come
here with such bold words.
You are no longer welcome here.
Well, if our presence here isn't welcome...
we'll make ready to leave.
And you'll return our people to us?
Yes. Sunrise tomorrow.
You have my word.
Very well.
We'll be waiting.
You see? They're not the butchers
you make them out to be.
You have kept your word.
We are very grateful
for your understanding.
I am a man of my word.
Here is your granddaughter,
as promised.
No!
Thralla!
Kill them!
Kill them all!
Run for you life!
Run for your lives!
Save them, Ahsoka.
Save them.
Save my people.
Why? What're you doing?
Never let the weak tell you what to do.
Welcome to Death Watch.
Argh!
Ah!
Now what do we have here?
I think we caught us a jedi!
Drag her back to camp.
Thank you, friend.
How can we repay you?
Rescue your friend.
How?
I compute.
I will prepare the others.
Now, Lux Bonteri.
This does not look good.
This does not look good at all.
I ask you to join us in good faith, and you
bring a jedi into our camp!
She wasn't meant to be here.
Please, let her go.
I'm afraid that's not a option.
I believed you had honor,
but you are just murderers
no better than Dooku.
You call us murderers?
And yet it was your own lust for revenge
that made you seek us out.
I wanted justice for my mother's death.
And you shall have it.
But the jedi are no different from Dooku
and this one shall pay in part
for their crimes against Mandalore.
Show you see It's not murder at all.
It's like you say...
It's justice!
Ahsoka, now!
Thanks buddy.
Stop!
The jedi is mie!
Lux, get to the ship.
I guess Artoo made some friends.
Not bad, jedi.
I didn't miss.
Ahsoka!
Don't let them escape!
Yah!
Thanks you Artoo.
No one followed us, good job Artoo.
What do you mean the escape pod has been activated?
Lux!
Artoo, the ship is yours.
Lux, what're you doing?
I can't go with you, Ahsoka.
You...
You know that.
But--but we can try,
Er... try to change things, together.
We make a pretty good team, are we?
Don't worry. We'll meet again.
I promise.
Be careful, Lux.
Sync and corrections by Gatto
for www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org